# HangingManny
HangManny is an engaging and exciting mobile Android 2-D single-player word game where players navigate vertically through bustling environments to collect letters. As the player collects more letters, difficulty increases until they eventually fall or can create a word with accumulated letters. This interactive game will include the following features (subject to change):
o   Registration: Upon opening the application, new players will be prompted to create a username and password. The username and password will be saved and authenticated by logging in for returning application usage.
o   Profile: Players can view profile attributes and information, including profile picture, avatar, and personal statistics. From this menu, players can also edit their profile by selecting an attribute to change and modifying it.
o   Home Screen: After login authentication, players will be presented the home screen which contains a menu of options including profile view, leaderboard, shop, settings, and a play button. Layered in the home screen will be music and subtle animations.
o   Start Game: This serves as a way for the user to start the game. Upon clicking “Start Game”,  players will be prompted to select the difficulty level (easy, medium, hard). Subsequently, the player is able to start the game.
o   Shop: As the player enters the In-Game item shop, the player is greeted with all the possible skin combinations for their own character. The player can spend their ingame currency on this virtual marketplace to purchase skins of different styles and colors.
o   Settings: The player is provided with numerous customization options to personalize their gameplay, they can manipulate their game themes, notification, and sound settings. If the player wishes, they can also refer back to the default settings.
o   Advertisements: Advertisements will occupy the free spaces within the screen in the form of image and video popups. Image advertisements will be displayed when the player is AFK or randomly displayed during menu selections. The video advertisements will be displayed when the player loses and will grant the player an extra health point to redo the level they just lost. 
o   Leaderboard: The leaderboard will be a culmination of all the statistics the players in the game acquire. The leaderboards will have rankings based on letters collected, levels completed, words formed, and survival time. 

